# Comp-Graphics-and-Visualization-Project

During this project, this project has allowed us to learn to plan and work through creating a 3D world based on real world models and the use of basic structures for creating complex and visually appealing objects. Initially, all the planning had to be done with pictures. After learning some of the basics, we jumped straight into practicing small parts of Open GL week by week. Many projects in our career will be interative over time and it's helpful to continue on building a program after growing a specific knowledge or new technique that may have just been learned. 

There was a lot of trial and error with this project since it appeared that even in some of the tutorial videos, that the person showing some examples of Open GL wasn't quite sure how photos and textures are always placed into the objects. It's not really new but I think it's important to note because it appears that a lot of the time this is sort of part of the job and I think it's okay to feel lost every now and then especially during these projects which at times can feel overwhelming. Going back to the iterations of trial and error, in some cases, you just had to try it to see how the graphic was changing with certain settings. Throughout the project, I was trying to focus on reading the code a bit more since we kept adding changes to the scene and I just wanted to understand what changes were being implemented and how to follow some of the tutorials I was looking up.

I have many goals and many would say it's probably too many but I would like to eventually move to starting my own small business in the tech industry at some point. I would like to maybe create some simple applications that can help local business owners or help create some additional applications that I have found useful in everyday life. It sometimes scares me because I know everyone talks about how many applications are active on the market but just maybe I can develop something significant enough to really be helpful. I don't know how active I'll be in computation graphics but I think it's good to have some of the knowledge to help navigate this area whenever it may come up. I believe most people have some kind of programs that take all these functions for creating shapes much easier but it is still important to know. The next class I have is reverse engineering and in some cases, have that knoeldge may help with that. 
